---
layout: post
tagline: 
tags : 
img : 
img2 :
img3 : 
author : 
title: Hiring a Research Specialist I (full-time, benefit-eligible position)
title2 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: 
keywords: 
canonical:

---

## Hiring Department
Psychological Sciences

## Job Description
Join the research community in the Department of Psychological Sciences at the University of Missouri in Columbia, MO, a vibrant group conducting cutting edge science in the field alcohol and addiction.  
 
The Cofresi lab is a new lab interested in understanding the role of learning and memory about rewards like foods, drinks, and drugs in human behavior. Our mission is to translate and verify basic and intervention-related findings from preclinical addiction neuroscience laboratories into the human laboratory and bridge the gap to clinical applications and testing.
 
Our current focus is on the role of conditioned cue reactivity and incentive salience in eating, drinking, and drug use with a focus on alcohol use. We use psychophysiological methods, especially EEG and fMRI, to study and localize the neurocognitive correlates of reward learning and memory as well as reward anticipation and consumption, including the post-ingestive consequences of drugs like alcohol.
We are seeking a motivated, organized, and driven research coordinator with an interest in these areas of research to assist in launching a series of EEG and fMRI studies in the lab. You will work directly with Dr. Sandie Keerstock, Dr. Roberto Cofresi-Bonilla, and a small cohort of undergraduate research assistants. Visit the lab website at https://www.cofresilab.org/.
 
Key Responsibilities:
 - Recruit, screen, and schedule prospective young adult participants for lab visits
 - Conduct lab visits during which you will administer liquid rewards such as alcohol or sugar and collect EEG or fMRI and behavioral data
 - Maintain files and prepare process reports
 - Ensure compliance with institutional review board (IRB) and sponsor/regulatory agencies
 - Coordinate schedules and daily tasks, and train undergraduate research assistants

## Shift
Typically, Monday to Friday, 10 am - 6 pm, but may vary depending on research participants' scheduling needs. Evenings and weekends may be required.

## Minimum Qualifications
A Bachelor's degree or an equivalent combination of education and relevant experience and at least 1 year of experience from which comparable knowledge and skills can be acquired is necessary
Preferred Qualifications
•	Experience with human subject research and managing IRB protocols
•	Experience with software like R, matlab, E-Prime, REDCap
•	1-2 years of experience as a research assistant in a lab

## Anticipated Hiring Range
Salary Range: $16.72 to $18.00.  This is a grant funded position. 
Grade: GGS - 007
University Title: Research Specialist I
Internal applicants can determine their University title by accessing the Talent Profile tile in myHR.

## Application Materials
All applicants are expected to submit either a resume or CV, as well as a cover letter detailing their interest and how they will be a good fit for the position.

To apply, visit this link:
[Apply here - External candidates](https://erecruit.umsystem.edu/psp/tamext/COLUM/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM_FL.HRS_CG_SEARCH_FL.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST_FL&Action=U&SiteId=6&FOCUS=Applicant&JobOpeningId=52457&PostingSeq=1)

If you are a current employee of our organization please use the following link instead:
[Apply here - Internal candidates](https://myhr.umsystem.edu/psp/myhrprd/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM_EMP_FL.HRS_CG_SEARCH_FL.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST_FL&Action=U&FOCUS=Employee&SiteId=6&JobOpeningId=52457&PostingSeq=1)

## Benefit Eligibility
This position is eligible for University benefits. As part of your total compensation, the University offers a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental and vision plans, retirement, paid time off, short- and long-term disability, paid parental leave, paid caregiver leave, and educational fee discounts for all four UM System campuses.  For additional information on University benefits, please visit the Faculty & Staff Benefits website at https://www.umsystem.edu/totalrewards/benefits. 
 
## Values Commitment

We value the uniqueness of every individual and strive to ensure each person’s success. Contributions from individuals with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives promote intellectual pluralism and enable us to achieve the excellence that we seek in learning, research and engagement.  This commitment makes our university a better place to work, learn and innovate.
In your application materials, please discuss your experiences and expertise that support these values and enrich our missions of teaching, research, and engagement.
Equal Employment Opportunity
The University of Missouri System is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal Opportunity is and shall be provided for all employees and applicants for employment on the basis of their demonstrated ability and competence without unlawful discrimination on the basis of their race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable state or federal law. This policy applies to all employment decisions including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotions, pay practices, benefits, disciplinary actions and terminations. For more information, visit https://www.umsystem.edu/ums/hr/eeo or call the Director of Employee and Labor Relations at 573-882-2146.

To request ADA accommodations, please call the Director of Accessibility and ADA at 573-884-7278.


