---
layout: post
tagline: 
tags : 
img : 
img2 : 
img3 : 
author : 
title: Join Us at RSA-ISBRA 2025, Lab Presentations & Symposium Highlights
title2 : 
title3 : 
css: 
js: 
bgcolor: 
keywords: 
canonical:

---

Looking forward to 48th Annual Research Society on Alcohol (RSA) Scientific Meeting/ISBRA Congress, June 21-25, 2025 in New Orleans, LA, USA. Lab members Devon Terry & Camila Gutierrez will each be presenting a poster and sharing initial findings from the Sips and Shapes study (the OG!). RSA is a prestigious national scientific organization dedicated to advancing research on alcohol use and its effects. We are proud of our mentees, Devon and Camila. Being selected to present at RSA is a significant achievement, and a great opportunity to network, learn from others, and be part of important discussions shaping the future of alcohol research!


<p> <i class="fa fa-chevron-right" aria-hidden="true"></i> <b>Exploration of Behavioral and Neural Responses to Visual Cues Experimentally Paired with Intra-Oral Alcohol Receipt in the Human Laboratory.</b> <em> Devon Terry, Sandie Keerstock, Roberto Cofresi.</em> </p>


<p> <i class="fa fa-chevron-right" aria-hidden="true"></i><b>Reduced Sleep Hours and Increased Alcohol Cravings in Young Adults.</b><em>Maria Camila Gutierrez, Sandie Keerstock, Roberto Cofresi.</em> </p>


The Sips and Shapes study will also be discussed in a Symposia chaired by Dr. Roberto Cofresi <b> "Alcohol's Incentive Salience: Cue Reactivity & Associative Memory Studies Across Species".</b> The Symposia will bring together scientists and scholars working on affective and motivational features of alcohol memories, spanning human and non-human animal models, in order to foster crosstalk on the neural mechanisms of alcohol’s incentive salience. 


We’re excited to contribute to this important conversation and look forward to engaging discussions at RSA/ISBRA 2025! Stay tuned for more updates.